[WIP] Editing the chapter on Remote Collaboration (#2197)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/remote-collab/remote-collab-conferences.md

- Settle all the invoices from the event.
- Host a post-event community call to thank people and share the lessons learned.

## Tools
<!--
Moved from the "Tools for Remote Collaboration" subchapter"
-->

### Pre- and post-event surveys

> Pre-event surveys can be used for managing day-to-day work with the organisers, inviting ideas and suggestions from different stakeholders of the event and setting expectations by communicating about your event beforehand with everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-event surveys can be used to manage day-to-day work with the organisers, invite ideas and suggestions from different stakeholders of the event, and set expectations by communicating about your event beforehand with everyone.
```

Post-event surveys are used for gathering feedback from everyone regarding their experience from past events and suggestions to improve future events.

- [Google Form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Google_Forms): Google Forms is a survey administration software that allows data collection that can be automatically entered into a spreadsheet.

> - [Survey Monkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/): This is one of the most popular tool, available with limited features (10 questions and 100 respondents for free) and provides many features including templates for the paid version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Survey Monkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/): This is one of the most popular tools, available with limited features (10 questions and 100 respondents for free) and provides many features including templates for the paid version.
```
